Release 0.66.3 (#723)
pganalyze/collector: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.66.3      2025-08-13

* Log Insights: Support for multiple OpenTelemetry log receiving endpoints
  - Previously, only a single HTTP server (port) could receive logs. With this

>     change, a server can be specified per server section using `db_log_otel_server` / `LOG_OTEL_SERVER`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    change, an OTEL HTTP server can be specified per monitored server section using `db_log_otel_server` / `LOG_OTEL_SERVER`
```
